The position of the heir to the Jiang family is really evil.
That’s right. It was necessary to decide the heir twenty years ago.
The eldest son's husband died.
Now I want to appoint my grandson as his heir.
The grandson was poisoned to death by his wife again.
Tell me, will anyone dare to be the heir to the Jiang family from now on?
Of course there is. Who wouldn’t want to inherit the cruelty of a househusband?
Even if you rely on fortune telling, you will go there.
Don't be sad, this kid Jiang Mian has a hard life.
That car accident more than twenty years ago,
If he survives, he has already turned around.
Now it is a kind of relief for him.
What does that mean?
Big brother is gone
You have also been the richest man for more than 20 years.
Jiang Mian is no longer here
The Jiang family will still be the most powerful financial group in Linjiang
With your idiot son
I just pocketed my property.
I can't give it to you either
It's not up to you to say that
It's your turn
Xiaoroufu Butler Feng
Hello, Miss Jiang
this is what you want
Dad, you see clearly
Now I own the Jiang Group
Thirty-one percent of the shares
Everyone, from today onwards, Jiangshi Group is mine!